README.md, before:

# NHS Choices Style Toolkit

This provides a **pattern library** for interface elements for the NHS site. It includes markup, CSS (based on Bootstrap, built using Less), and JavaScript. It's intended to be a resource for designers and developers, and a central hub for our front-end site components.


## Prerequisites:

- [node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [harp](http://harpjs.com/)


## Running locally

In order to start the site run `node server.js` and browser to [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000) to confirm correct function.


## Static site

The site can be exported to flat, static assets via [Harp's](http://harpjs.com/) [compile](http://harpjs.com/docs/environment/compile). Running `npm run build` will do this, generating the static site in a directory called `www`.


## Adding the repository to .net project

If you want to include the ui-toolkit code within a .net project the steps below can be followed to add the repository as a git-submodule:

* Use [git-submodule](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules) to include the repo.
* Install [dotless](http://www.dotlesscss.org/) NuGet package.
* Add pre-build events to the web project to copy assets from the submodule into the web project. Assets to be copied include the fonts, images and javascript files.
* Add a pre-build event to use the dotless compiler contained in the dotless NuGet package to compile the `.less` assets into the web project.
* Update `BundleConfig.cs` to bundle the neccessary `.css` and `.js` files for use in the website.

The dotless NuGet package can be used to serve `.less` assets in a [number](https://github.com/dotless/dotless/wiki/Using-.less) of ways. Using the executable to pre-compilie assets makes the most sense in the scenario of including the ui-toolkit repo in another project (where the assets are effectively unchanging once they are included).

An example set of pre-build events used in the conditions application can be see in the [`csproj`](https://github.com/NHSChoices/alpha-conditions/commit/a61e49f4043421224b47af3f12582a60e36e1da2#diff-c5f90130e3cde63c6d455b490643228dR447) file.

Commit message:

:construction_worker: Extending install instructions.

README.md, after:

# NHS Choices Style Toolkit

This provides a **pattern library** for interface elements for the NHS site. It includes markup, CSS (based on Bootstrap, built using Less), and JavaScript. It's intended to be a resource for designers and developers, and a central hub for our front-end site components.


## Prerequisites

- [node.js](https://nodejs.org/)


## Run the site locally

* Install node modules locally - `npm install`.
* Start the site - `node server.js`.
* Browse to [localhost:5000](http://localhost:5000).


## Export to static site

The site can be exported to flat, static assets via [Harp's](http://harpjs.com/) [compile](http://harpjs.com/docs/environment/compile). Do this via `npm run build`. The site will be generated and saved to a directory called `www`.


## Adding the repository to .net project

If you want to include the ui-toolkit code within a .net project the steps below can be followed to add the repository as a git-submodule:

* Use [git-submodule](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Tools-Submodules) to include the repo.
* Install [dotless](http://www.dotlesscss.org/) NuGet package.
* Add pre-build events to the web project to copy assets from the submodule into the web project. Assets to be copied include the fonts, images and javascript files.
* Add a pre-build event to use the dotless compiler contained in the dotless NuGet package to compile the `.less` assets into the web project.
* Update `BundleConfig.cs` to bundle the neccessary `.css` and `.js` files for use in the website.

The dotless NuGet package can be used to serve `.less` assets in a [number](https://github.com/dotless/dotless/wiki/Using-.less) of ways. Using the executable to pre-compilie assets makes the most sense in the scenario of including the ui-toolkit repo in another project (where the assets are effectively unchanging once they are included).

An example set of pre-build events used in the conditions application can be see in the [`csproj`](https://github.com/NHSChoices/alpha-conditions/commit/a61e49f4043421224b47af3f12582a60e36e1da2#diff-c5f90130e3cde63c6d455b490643228dR447) file.
